---
title: Meeting Minutes
date: 2024-05-08
tags: [minutes]
authors: [mahout-team]
---
## Weekly community meeting
[Subscribe](mailto:user-subscribe@mahout.apache.org) to the Mahout User list to ask for details on joining.

### Attendees
* Andrew Musselman
* Trevor Grant

### Old Business
* Make ticket to add notebooks to notebooks directory in source tree (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2198)
* Splitting Mahout project code into discrete repos (andrew): https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2204
    * mahout-website
    * mahout-classic
    * mahout-samsara
    * mahout-qumat
* Docker image for web site build (to jowanza) https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2165
* Next steps for qiskit and cirq back ends (sub-tasks created) issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2206
* Roadmap
    * Q2
        * Qumat with hardened (tests, docs, CI/CD) cirq and qiskit backends
        * Kernel methods started
        * Submit public talk about Qumat
        * Classic in maintenance mode
    * Q3 and beyond
        * Amazon Braket
        * Distributed quantum solvers
* Add a measure method issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2208
* Add a draw method - ive stumbled across it in both cirq and qiskit issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2209

### New Business
* Logo and name
* Andrew to review PRs for MAHOUT-2210 and MAHOUT-2211
* Kernel method research spike (trevor): https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2200
* Moving to GitHub Issues instead of JIRA (asked infra): issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2205
