---
layout: post
title: Meeting Minutes
date:   2023-11-29 00:00:00 -0800
category: minutes
---
## Monthly community meeting

### Attendees
* Andrew Musselman
* Shannon Quinn
* Trevor Grant

### JIRA focus
1. Assigned: [Proof of concept of quantum front-end](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2166)
1. TBD: Updating Docker images
1. TBD: Live in-browser code environment
1. TBD: Simple spike for matrix math on the IBM quantum compute platform
1. TBD: Assess all quantum platforms vis-a-vis interop and portability
1. Assigned: [Web site check](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2152)
1. Assigned: [Download page improvements](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2153)
1. [Update NOTICE](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2154)
1. Assigned: [Add "how to do your first JIRA" notes](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2156)
1. Assigned: [Add "first ticket" tag or type in JIRA](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2157)
1. Assigned: [Add Docker instructions to nav](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2159)
1. Assigned: [Docker image for web site build](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2165)
1. Complete: [Migrate off Travis](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2149)

### Release plans
* Nov: 14.2, point release with minor improvements and new build system

### Active Ideas
* Quantum computing
* Python bindings for DSL

### Summary and next steps
* TODO in Dec: Push 14.2 out
* TODO Dec 3: Pair work (Trevor/Andrew) on beta of `mahout-q` [Proof of concept of quantum front-end](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2166)
* TODO in Q12024: Submit proposal to NSF [Pathways to Enable Open-Source Ecosystems (POSE)](https://new.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/pathways-enable-open-source-ecosystems-pose)
* Reach out to formerly active project members
* Reach out to quantum compute people
* JIRA ranching
