---
layout: post
title: Meeting Minutes
date:   2024-01-31 00:00:00 -0800
category: minutes
---
## Monthly community meeting

### Attendees
* Andrew Musselman
* Trevor Grant

### JIRA focus
1. TBD clear out old "boards;" question into INFRA for help
1. Cleared out old versions
1. Cleared out old components
1. Assigned all potentially relevant Classic tickets to Shashanka Srinivasa
1. Resolved stale tickets
1. Created new versions `classic-15.0` and `qumat-0.1.0`
1. Created new components `website`, `classic`, `build-classic`, `qumat`, and `build-qumat`

### Release plans
* Not discussed but qumat is pushed to `main` and nightlies are building the website from that branch

### Active Ideas
* Quantum computing
* Python bindings for DSL

### Summary and next steps
* Completed work on beta of `qumat` [Proof of concept of quantum front-end](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2166)
* Completed JIRA ranching
* TODO in Q12024: Submit proposal to NSF [Pathways to Enable Open-Source Ecosystems (POSE)](https://new.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/pathways-enable-open-source-ecosystems-pose)
* Reach out to formerly active project members
* Reach out to quantum compute people
