---
layout: post
title: Meeting Minutes
date:   2025-08-01 00:00:00 -0800
category: minutes
---
## Weekly community meeting
[Subscribe](mailto:user-subscribe@mahout.apache.org) to the Mahout User list for details on joining.

### Attendees
* Andrew Musselman
* Trevor Grant
* Krishna Dave

### Discussion
* Andrew and Trevor discussed certain UI changes that need to be implemented.  
* They will be reviewing Krishna’s PRs for GSoC in the coming days.  
* Krishna will create GitHub issues for all files that require updates, based on the provided sheet, to track progress and assign work accordingly.

### Next Steps
* Andrew and Trevor to review Krishna’s PRs.  
* Krishna to prepare and log GitHub issues for required file updates.  
* Follow up on UI changes discussed in the meeting.
[Minutes](https://github.com/apache/mahout/discussions/551) on GitHub Discussions.
